Add definition of Public Key Certificate (#630)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _Appendix/glossary.md

: The public part of an _asymmetric key_ pair that is typically used to verify signatures or
encrypt data.

Public Key Certificate

> : A digital document issued and digitally signed by the _private key_ of a CA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A digital document issued and digitally signed by the _private key_ of a _certification authority_
```
